Love this trainer. I have slightly wide feet so perfect fit for me and my bunions :-)

Continental 80 collection is very nice to have one. Perfect fit and good quality made. Recommend to buy your normal size

Love the shoe color and silhouette. Fits perfect with most color attire.

Right after purchasing these shoes and receiving many compliments in the office, I spent two days walking around the cobbled streets of Prague, and couldn't be more comfortable!

Great sneakers, roll on the summer. I really like the fit and style. very good for casual wear.

Good shoe to wear as a daily. Easy to style as well, I’ve worn these on a night out and to run errands.

It took less than two days to wear these in. I have sensitive feet, but they fit perfectly and became comfortable almost instantly. They look really good, too! One very happy shoe fan here.

Nice soft leather and good width as I have wide feet and find it hard to get comfortable shoes

Nice pair of shoes, comfortable, classic, good looking and suitable for every-day use.

Styling and comfort on these is right up there. Fully recommend for quality, last pair lasted an age!!

Fits good, looks good, feels good. What more do you want

Got that old school style to them. Array of colours to choose from also.

Wearing this pair makes me feel confident. I love it.

Wife loves them. They are the right size and the colorway is dope. Matches everything!

Great colour and fit - this is a nice pair of trainers for running around the city

Perfect colour and the leather quality is good.love the stripes.

Just a nice trainer, classic design. Easy website to negotiate and fast free delivery

Was wondering if they'd be worth it since they were fairly cheap and they met my expectations.

A classic in tennis, excellent material, comfortable and good value for money.

Perfect shoe to wear with dark jeans that looks slick without having to be dressy.

Always fit perfectly and last very happy with all Adidas shoes I have bought from you

The color and design is done very well and the fit is unlike anything I’ve ever experienced before

Nice clean looking sneaker. Easy to swap in and out with outfits and gives a more casual look.

I loved my Continental, the design, the color, the comfort, all excellent with my style

Look great, feel great! Like the way they look and have got compliments wearing them.

The price definitely incentivized me but no regrets. Very comfortable shoe.

These shoes are very comfortable and fit great. They are of good quality. I will definitely be wearing these often.

Love these shoes! Ordered a black pair a couple months ago. Great shoes for causal wear.

Super comfy, cool looking, retro style! Highly recommended, style true to size

Very comfortable shoes at a very good price. would buy again again

Fits great. Little stiff until worn in. But I really like them.

Like the materials and the way it looks, cushioning leaves me wanting more after wearing shoes with boost

Such a classic. It combines the urban trends of the 90s with whatever is on right now.

Very comfortable. Like the colors. Size is perfect, I recommend this shoe.

I like this shoes. White one is always fashion. I make my day from it.

These shoes are great for short walks not long walks but nonetheless I'm still in love with these.

Very convenient and easy to put on. Just snap those straps and ready to go!

Really like the design of the continental and colour. Very comfortable and stylish.

I like how they fit. They go well with capri pant jeans.

I love the clean look of these shoes, they look great with any outfit.

Good quality trainer,service fast efficient from start to finish,will return to buy plenty more

they are perfect, because its adidas. i will recommend these shoes for all my friends !!!

It got to me fast! When I put my foot in it there’s a lot of Wear at the front of the shoe

very nice design, exact sizing, very comfortable and good quality shoes at a reasonable sales price. Thank you !

Very comfortable and very stylish, can go with any fit

Needed shoes for work for a great a price. Waited for it to be a sale. Went online and got a pair before they were all sold out.

For the price, this is definitely the best bang for your buck.

Love the shoe, simple and good quality. Tried them on and became my go to shoes! Thats how comfortable and nice looking they are.

I love this throwback look and the rainbow is just the right amount of color. They're extremely comfortable.

Velcro straps are a cool distinguishing feature!!!

Very comfortable and stylish shoe..can wear it with sweats, jeans, khakis!

Wore them out and extremely comfortable super happy i purchased them

Quality product very simple classics that matches with anything

Cool shoe, simple shoe, nice shoe, floaty and nice

Good looking and comfortable, great walking shoe,great fit

Great shoe! Stylish and comfortable! Compliments jeans for a simple but nice look

A great shoe for everyday. I am especially fond of the Mesa colorway as it makes a subtle statement.

Still a good product! Black shoes goes well with any color pants except Jean's.

Nice style,I like to purchase against recommend this product to any one.

I love the shoes cuz it looks great with black or white

Shoes were comfortable and showed a great sense of style.

The shoe fits slightly large. Order your true size. If fits well and it is very comfortable.

Very good quality and super comfortable for the price.

Good quality and good size but narrow on my left foot.

I like this product because they are very pretty and cool

They look good and they are really comfortable. Good choice

Shoes were comfortable and showed a great sense of style

Classy and preppy it is the perfect combination for me

I like it very much，comfortable quality perfect！！！

Great quality, love them. Very comfortable to wear.

Excellent trainers great fit very comfortable would recommend

Comfortable for daily wear, love the style and colour.

The best price & quality. Tjehe Best service of delivery.

Very comfortable! I love it! ❤️ I highly recommend this to anybody looking for something casual and comfortable.

Pretty much what's advertised. Somehow a little more retro that they appear to be.

Love the retro look of this sneaker. It goes with anything. Will buy again.

I love my shoes, I'll buy this product again. 100%

I like the new vibrant color it’s a mix of modern and classic!

Very comfortable, one of the best sneakes i have ever had.

It fits well, looks good. I’ve worn them pretty much every day since I got them and they’re great

They look good and I don't feel like I need to baby them like some of my other shoes because they feel well built

They are Comfortable and look great. The perfect accessory.

Delivered very quick. Subtle styling but very cool trainer.

Perfect fall shoes. Better quality materials than I expected. Pictures don’t do the shoe justice. Fast shipping, arrived a day before shipping said it would

I like the product as there is always a great variety of trainers to choose from for all age groups.

Perfect style, light weight, snug fit. Love the design

Super comfortable shoes, would highly recommend especially if you work on your feet all day.

stylish sneakers to wear with all of my track suits

These are one my favorite finds. They are an awesome pair that fit super well. The inner sole is extremely comfortable and the shoe fits nice!

It is really beautiful and comfortable. Also, I really liked the color.

Very classic look to the shoes. Like the off white color too.

I loved this product because they were comfy. They were the best shoes I’ve ever slipped in.

Overall a decent shoe. .

I could give a good review but my friend said they’re good

Sneakers are great model, wearable with everything, comfortable

I love the way it looks and feel on my feet, it makes me look nice.

Materials on shoe surpassed my expectations. Received many compliments!!

Very nice model cool looking comfortable and awesome

Fits perfect. When I wear them I get a lot of compliments.

Well worth the price, ESPECIALLY if they are on sale. Great buy.

A classic shoe that is comfortable and looks great.

I love this shoe because it is a cheap shoe, and it looks great with most of the stuff I wear.

Great trainers, love the colour and the fit is perfect for me, will be buying more.

Lovely shoes. old school and takes me back to the day

Great sneakers, super comfortable and good looking

The shoes arrived on the next day. Perfect size and feels very comfortable. Highly recommended

Great casual style! Wore it on holiday and was quite comfortable to walk around in the whole day.

They look cool and feel really great. Good for the cold.

It’s great old fashion shoe looking and comfort. The color is purely fine .

very happy with the trainers as was a birthday gift

Fits great, Comfortable, and Good quality. Might get another on in a different color.

Good quality and nice looking. Good price in the sale

It’s a deferent look. Love the casual look and fits great. I would Definitely buy another pair in black

It’s just how I pictured it. The quality is great and the fit is just perfect.

Very good end comfortable I love my shoes . really good from 1 to 10 I give you 11 Super comfortable and really soft material

I like these alot. I wear them to work a few times a week

Very stylish and comfortable shoe would definitely recommend to others

It’s perfect match for every outfit. Affordable comfortable.

Fast shipping and great quality. Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!

Had these in the 80s and they are still a great shoe. A very comfortable shoe that looks great with jeans and casual dress pants.

I bought these for my Son (he chose them) and he's very pleased with the style, colour and comfort.

My daughter loves these shoes. It is hard for her to find a shoe that is comfortable for her. They are very comfortable for her, and she loves the style!

You can wear it with everything and it looks great

No matter what. Running. Walking. Jumping. These shoes feel so comfortable and my feet feel so open.

Perfect fit! Really like the colour. Different from the rest. Goes with everything for me. Worth it!

quality, good looking, Design, Fitting, color and comfort

Dont gotta tie my shoelace! Idk what happened, but my shoelaces always untie and this pair solves the problem. hip oldies shoe!

Great shoe, its comfortable, stylish and simple to wear

Vintage style with modern styling cues. Great shoes for the kiddos!

Very comfortable, love the gum soles, great value!

It is a very sleek shoe at a very good price. I bought it to replace my daily sneakers.

I haven't had them long enough to speak for durability, but they are extremely comfortable! Definitely recommend!

These are the hotness. Velcro is the new laces, get on it.

I like the feel of the shoe and I also like how good the shoe looks

I love this style! Make me remind my childhood!!!!

Very comfy shoes. Size fits great. Wide enough for my feet but still look slim. Shoes are not too shiny just the perfect shine. I recommend.

The colour way and retro styling are great. The fit is comfy.

Very good shoe at a low price. Works well with any outfit

Dope shoes they go with almost any outfit. White shoes are mandatory in any wardrobe.

Breathable and lightweight. Nothing fancy, but comfortable and nice arch support.

These shoes are sleek and retro. I love it So comfortable

Got these for work! Super comfy maybe a little narrow sole but over for my foot it fits perfect the leather is super easy to clean.

Really happy with this color gray. The color surprised me a little, it fits into my Ensemble perfectly. Now time to add to the Arsenal

I bought it for half the price and its very comfortable.

Look great and feel good quality. I’ll be buying more pairs in other colours.

i like it because its a gift for my boyfriend and its pink shoes ! he want this shoes few time ago

Looks good with most outfits. High quality feel to the materials used.

I plan to wear these for Palm Springs Pride celebrations.

the full grain leather is soft and gives the shoe texture

They are a nice white and are pretty cool with most clothes.

I absolutely love these sneakers! I am a female and I typically order size 8.5 in women’s sizes, I ordered the unisex 7s. My feet are slightly wide and these have a good amount of room for that issue. I was looking for a comfortable pair of shoes that were still stylish because I have to stand all day at my job, and after wearing these for a month my feet are very happy! I order the leopard print color and they are insanely cool. I get compliments on them every time I wear them. I was a bit worried about how the material would wear over time (they are made with pony hair), but so far I haven’t had issues with loose or broken hair. I just ordered two more pairs in other colors!

These shoes get a 5/5 stars; for one they are super stylish, pairing these with mom jeans and a vintage styled top totally brings the 80's vibe back. I've had these shoes for 2 month's now and I've had to clean them here and there since it does rain a lot where I am, but they are leather so it just comes right off. They literally feel like I'm walking on a cloud in these shoes. Highly recommend!!

I like that when you order from adidas that it arrives on time or even before expected date, and very its stylish and comfortable

Quality product at a great price and great comfort

so comfortable! id buy different colours! wonderful

They’re so comfortable and look smart either with jeans or sports wear. The hardest choice is picking your favourite colour.

This is a great looking shoe and so very comfortable. Bought these for my husband and he loves them!

Old school style with modern comfort. Can wear as casual or style

Because a love adidas products to much and my family too

Buy them if you like that retro design. Them are also very comfortable.

Great leather quality and comfort! Can’t ever go wrong with the Continentals!

I ordered Men's shoes because I liked the colors better! I wear a steady 9 in Women's adidas shoes, but ordered a 7.5 Mens in thses :) they fit perfect! SO cute and casual and can be worn with many outfits. 

The shoes fit perfectly and they’re so comfortable!

I really like these shoes. Wanted to have a throwback model and these certainly meet my expectations.

Excellent classic shoe for casual look, fits great

Perfect fit, light on my foot. Nice materials. Best buy

I love the different colorways that are available. The leather is very soft and makes for a comfortable fit.

Trainers with West Ham colours. Winner for me. Nice

Sleek stylish and simple With the comfort of a pillow ya dig these a lot

Very nice shoes and they’re extremely comfortable!

Fell in love with the ice mint color the minute I saw these shoes. The collegiate navy and grey stripe along the sides also adds a nice touch.

Comfortable, great quality. I wear it a lot with very little hassle

Can’t wait to buy another pair. These are so comfortable. My feet are super wide and they don’t punch me anywhere. It’s amazing

I like the shoes they fit perfect comfortable on feet great quality

well made looks great i get a lot of compliments luvem!

clean look and comfortable good looking shoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Very comfortable, pretty. I would recommend it. All the colors are nice.

I had the RWB, picked up the black with RG and Rainbow pairs...... DOPE!

They look very fashionable and I love them thanks a lot adidas

The shoes are classic and confortable. Good colors

These trainers are really comfy and look great. Highly recommended

Great shoes! Love them! People have compliment me several times

I really like the Continental 80's. They look stylish and classy. Great for out and about in the city. Quality is tops, with a nice leather upper and two tone sole. Definitely recommend.

Great style and comfort, goes with everything...from jeans to slacks

They look good and are comfortable. Good buy, happy husband.

I love the retro look it, takes me back to the 80s

Best materials. Color scheme is hard to pull off.  Really comfortable for not having boost midsole. Hope adidas makes some boost ones. 

These are very good shoes for the money they are asking. They are comfortable and look fantastic. I received a couple of compliments the first day I wore them. When the time comes, I will order them again. 

Very comfortable shoes, definitely worth it!!!!!!

Best comfort,colour and quality in continental edition.

Really nice shoes and comfortable. Good for your everyday shoes

I was skeptical of getting the shoes online because I hadn’t tried them on yet but they are true to size and fit very comfortably. Really easy to clean because of the material which is an probably the best thing about them giving my shoes are always getting dirty at work.cant recommend enough!

Because, it is very nice, and confortable and cheep !

They are very comfortable and the atheistics are nice

Fits perfectly as usual and goes along with different outfit styles and colors. Got complements since day 1 and every time I wear it.

The fit is great. And the color is an eye catcher❗️ I continue to purchase Adidas because they continue to be what I wanted and the quality continues. I enjoy having a selection in what I need and choice of colors.

Retro style on the outside, build with modern comfort on the inside. Solid aesthetic and build quality.

Honestly really do like the shoes a lot. I usually sit between a size 9.5 or 10 depending on the shoes, and the 9.5 fit great so maybe order a size down. Get a lot of compliments on the shoes.

I already have them in white.love the navy pair !!

Perfect off white shoes, comfy & stylish. Arrived super fast!

The product fits perfectly. It’s really cute as well

These shoes fit perfectly. They're also very stylish and comfortable. Def recommend.

These shoes fit really well and have nice quality leather!

These shoes are super comfortable and look great on feet.

Love these trainer's take's me back to being a kid.

Good quality materials and a very comfortable shoe

Actually pretty comfortable! Definitely need another pair!

Love them! I get compliments everywhere I go. Very comfortable and great quality.

They feel as great as they look. The shoe that is easily turning me into a sneakerhead.

With their classic look, these shoes fit just about any casual situation you may find yourself in. And their comfort should guarantee that whatever that situation may be, your feet will remain happy.

They look nice on foot and they're comfortable to walk around in. Nice leather on the product too! Definitely would recommend.

Affordable and comfortable. Durable shoe and stylish

A super cute classic shoe with a color scheme for everyone.

I absolutely love this sneaker. It is comfortable, stylish and you can wear it with just about anything. This is 3rd pair of continental 80s that I own, as I also have them in other colorways.

Shoes fit as expected and are really good quality.

I like it because it had meaning and looks to it and I just overall I’ve this shoe

I love the style of the shoes and the quality 10/10

Love these trainers. Love the retro style& the colour. I sized up by 1/2 a size as per the other reviews saying they're small fit which I agree with. Not worn them out yet as saving for better weather but will look great in summer! Great price too with the family & friends discount on top of the sale price.

I think it's hard to find bright and fun colors such as this in men's shoes. I appreciate the option, and I think it looks brilliant in person.

I got these because of their original looks that remind me of the classic Adidas image for sportwear and they look great with jeans.

It was on sale for $30 you can’t beat that! It also was a good shoe to just beat up.

I like it because its design reminds me gentility. It doesnt transmitt stupidly strange postmodern design. It is comfortable, by the way. Also, you can wear it with different types of pants.

This is very comfortable shoes. The size fits well. The color is very good. You can wear them with different outfits.

These shoes are comfortable and stylish at the same time, very good purchase. I recommend this product to anyone

Purchase this for daily use, with gum bottom, cant go wrong with that, great value

Is a retro style, i like the comfort, the price is perfect, anyone store have the same deals.

It's comfortable. It's good, I like the design it's so simple.

Wearing these makes my yamaha DX7 even more powerful.

It pairs well with everything. Minimal design, classic. Good quality. Great for everyday casual wear.

Got the leopard print ones for my mom and she loves them! Super cool pair of shoes.

All my friends love them. My favorite color is bright red and I love that they had them.

Great shoes I love them it's a classic that never let you down

I love these shoes and super comfortable I wear them everywhere!

Just like I used to wear "back in the day" when I was a kid. Love that I could get another pair. Just ran a half-size too small. Half-size bigger than I normally would wear fits perfectly. But hassle-free exchange and great customer service.

I love the shoes. They go well with a lot of the outfits I wear. They give me comfort but are stylish at the same time which is important at my job. I will continue to buy Continental 80s because of the great color choices. I almost always get complimented when wearing them.

Great, comfy shoes. The red is an amazong color. I didnt realize how much id actually love these shoes.

great shoes overall and they're super comfy and very durable.

I have Gazelle, Spezial, Los Angeles and Stan Smiths already and I have them all EU 46 1/3 size. These Continental 80's are a perfect fit for me in that same size. These are surprisingly warm sneakers compared to others, so not good for summer maybe but for other seasons they are great.

These were surprisingly very comfortable. I'm an avid boost sneaker head but I figured I would give these a try for Fall/Winter weather and they are really nice. After wearing these for a week, I bought the burgundy pair!

Awesome shoe - great classic style. Very comfortable.

I bought the pink one and it looks amazing, although it's a bit hard to match with. The cushioning inside the shoe makes it super comfortable to wear and the design of the shoe looks great. I would definitely recommend buying because it is super comfortable and stylish at the same time.

These were surprisingly very comfortable. I'm an avid boost sneaker head but I figured I would give these a try for Fall/Winter weather and they are really nice. After wearing these for a week, I bought the burgundy pair!

Dope, og colorway. Perfect for casual wear and goes with most fits.

I have no complaints regarding this shoe at all. I wear mine just about everyday and they have held up great. They’re super comfy and even though I’ve had the all white pair for about a year now they’ve remained pretty much spotless. Bouta cop another pair soon for sure

Love this shoes. I have slightly wide feet so perfect fit for me,i get two

Very easy to match and very stylish shoes. Offers a minty tint.

Can't go wrong with a pair of Continental 80. Great fit and lots of compliments

they are very. comfy, true to size, gorgeous color

I think this shoe has great materials for the price point although their are a lot more premium options

Very comfortable and sporty. Looks great with Adidas Track Suit.

They really add a lot of flavor to any outfit when I wear them!

Glad I bought a pair of these, they're super stylish and comfortable so far. I have wider feet so I sized up a half size like I typically would for Stan Smiths.

Love the shoes. The fit, the look. Very easy to walk in, and goes well with joggers and chinos.

I adore the color and the style, the design is retro yet sleek. It’s beyond sick, i love it!!!

The style of the shoe is great. Can't beat the price.

I bought these for the 80's aesthetic, but they are honestly great shoes, and I wear them all the time. I even wear them to work.

I like the aesthetic it is a clean and simple silhouette

Definitely my go too sneaker. Affordable and comfortable all in one. Easy to dress up!

Nice pair of shoes love all the colors available too.

These are great looking shoes; the perfect white sneaker. Excellent alternative to my Stan Smiths. The leather is soft and the off-white color makes them a little more special.

great looking calssic sneakers for summer really comfortable;e

I like the shoes because of the quality of the make, and the comfortably of the sole. Amazing Purchase. Highly recommend. 

Great comfortable shoes, use them most at the gym. These shoes kind of reminds me of my current Reebok shoes that looks closely related to each other.

My wife said they're very comfortable and she could wear them all day

These actually better than what I expected. The quality of the shoe is great.

This pair of shoes was purchased for one of my chefs to wear to work, and he wears it long hours every day. Highly recommended for an all day work shoe and stylish enough to wear after work.

this is one of the best shoes i have ever bought very stylish

I know these were in the mens section, but these were screaming "buy me!" So I did. Love them and I can wear them with so many outfits. ;-)

I love these shoes! Got a pair in Aero Blue instead of white just to stand out. I am a women's 9.5 and the men's 7 is a perfect fit. These are great for work & school where I walk 2-4 miles per day. Super soft leather and quality construction. Easy to clean.

I bought these shoes in the all white color and they are very stylish and I like them a lot. As a person with larger feet I can gladly say that a larger size doesn’t affect the look. Very comfortable and breathable and they go with everything. Great purchase.

A super stylish way to wear a very comfortable shoe.

Fit perfect I used mine for customizing great for a simple colour block

Perfect for my dressing style. Very versatile, perfect for any dressing style.

my first continentals and I love them. will be getting more in the future. perfect width (I have a wider foot and struggle with some of the more football-like shoes).

I recommend this shoes. Very perfect and fit well.

I love the product because it is reasonable in price and the quality is Amazing!!!!!!! I Love these Shoes!!!

Good price point, simple yet clean design, and overall great shoe.

This is the type of simple shoe I wanted, I fell in love with the NMD series and that is what brought me into the Adidas brand. I then bought 3 yeezys which were questionable- mauve, sesame 350 v2, and the static 350 v2(I have never worn them once). That is over $1000 in shoes.... if I used that money on Continentals or NMDs I would have shoes for 40 years. The quality is good, it probably does not have great longevity and it will crease over time- let us just hope it ages well. The Grey with green and blue lines looked cool but having the color way of two separate colors on each side is kind of too much. So I am going to be exchanging it for the other grey that is coming out with the same colored stripes on the inner and outside of the shoe. I have wide feet and am a 10.5 in adidas with these type of shoes and a 11.5 in the just do it brand. I love how Adidas makes wide shoes, if you have wide feet these are a steal.

My pair as comfortable as my old Stan Smith. Matching to any outfit!

Very comfortable to walk in. The material on them is also of great quality. They go very well with any look, jeans or some casual khakis

I like it because it’s super cool and I get to match seohyun =)

They run half a size too big, so order half smaller! These are so cute and comfortable to wear, best gift I've received. 

Truly great, comfortable lightweight and juat a must have

I bought these because they were similar to the yeezy powerphase and they are great. The grey goes with everything you wear. Love the look.

Great for those who don't want to dress up too nice with Stan Smiths but still want a comfortable, sleek street shoe

love the off white color on the shoe and comfy to wear

I love these trainers! I do walk lots so I needed a pair of good ones to help my feet make it and these are perfect! They are a bit wide but nothing to worry. I have had lots of compliments when wearing them, someone said I looked cool ;)

Was very skeptical about buying these because I hadn’t bought Adidas shoes in a very long time, but saw the color and decided to try it! It was worth the purchase and they’re my new favorite shoes! 

I have been rocking adidas for a long time. I had a pair of this sneakers when they came out back in the day. The style and fit is still on point. Adidas has iconic items like this that never goes out of style

The design for these add another level of uniqueness to the shoe. The Continentals are comfortable and I am excited to wear them out for people to inquire on where I got them!

Honestly the most casual and light weight sneaker. Purchasing my second pair in this clean all white color way. I bought my first pair last summer ( white with the red and navy stripes) and wore them for 10+ hours a day on a euro trip and ended up taking them with me to egypt as well! so clean, goes with everything. Obviously doesn't support as well as an ultra boost does but it's my everyday shoe. I work in them, travel with them, i live in these shoes. I'm usually a 8.5 Womens and i have a wide foot and the 7.5 fits perfect.

I usually only buy boost but the neon yellow color was too cool. I modified them and removed the stripes with a seam ripper. Turned out good. Comfort feels like a adidas shell toe. Not the best but ok. I went up a half size because of my wide feet and they fit great. Not a bad alternative to a Yeezy Calabasas shoe for the price.



