Very stylish but runs a 1/2 size too big. Overall a great show and is very comfortable.
Love this trainer. I have slightly wide feet so perfect fit for me and my bunions :-)
Continental 80 collection is very nice to have one. Perfect fit and good quality made. Recommend to buy your normal size
Look great but abit narrow, part where the tongue meets the shoe is quite tight
Love the shoe color and silhouette. Fits perfect with most color attire.
Right after purchasing these shoes and receiving many compliments in the office, I spent two days walking around the cobbled streets of Prague, and couldn't be more comfortable!
Would recommend going up 1/2 size for comfort but other than that PERFECT!
These are quite tight around the toes - expected them to be much more comfortable.
There is stitching in the toe box that rubs against the top of the ball of your foot. The shoes look great, but they are incredibly painful to walk in!
Great sneakers, roll on the summer. I really like the fit and style. very good for casual wear.
Good shoe to wear as a daily. Easy to style as well, I’ve worn these on a night out and to run errands.
It took less than two days to wear these in. I have sensitive feet, but they fit perfectly and became comfortable almost instantly. They look really good, too! One very happy shoe fan here.
The straps are too short and fit is too tight. I might gotten a better fit if I'd have gone a 1/2 size larger.
Best part: Adidas handling of the purchase, shipping and delivery was outstanding. The shoe itself: they feel a bit narrow in the front. Materials are a mixed bag... some parts of the shoe seem to be high quality, other parts looks like they skimped a bit. Bottom line: If I'd have tried these in a store, I probably would not have bought them. They fall short of my expectations/past experience with Adidas products.
Nice soft leather and good width as I have wide feet and find it hard to get comfortable shoes
Nice pair of shoes, comfortable, classic, good looking and suitable for every-day use.
Styling and comfort on these is right up there. Fully recommend for quality, last pair lasted an age!!
Fits good, looks good, feels good. What more do you want
It’s looks pretty appealing but the comfort level needs more attention.
Got that old school style to them. Array of colours to choose from also.
Wearing this pair makes me feel confident. I love it.
Great shoe, high quality and true to size. Just a bit narrow in the middle of your foot
nice but get a lil tosty on the feetsies, make sure to take them off every 4 minutes
Wife loves them. They are the right size and the colorway is dope. Matches everything!
Great colour and fit - this is a nice pair of trainers for running around the city
Perfect colour and the leather quality is good.love the stripes.
An exactly OK shoe. Fits big. Materials are not great. Not the most comfortable shoe.
Just a nice trainer, classic design. Easy website to negotiate and fast free delivery
It’s a great shoe, with even better arch support for any of you out there that have foot problems. Aside from that it does take a little to wear them in, and they run half a size too large but other than that, perfecto
Was wondering if they'd be worth it since they were fairly cheap and they met my expectations.
A classic in tennis, excellent material, comfortable and good value for money.
Perfect shoe to wear with dark jeans that looks slick without having to be dressy.
Always fit perfectly and last very happy with all Adidas shoes I have bought from you
The color and design is done very well and the fit is unlike anything I’ve ever experienced before
Nice clean looking sneaker. Easy to swap in and out with outfits and gives a more casual look.
Uncomfortable, but nice, there are different colours and you can use them everywhere
I loved my Continental, the design, the color, the comfort, all excellent with my style
Look great, feel great! Like the way they look and have got compliments wearing them.
Comfortable shoes. They were 1/2 size larger than normal. Quality construction.
The price definitely incentivized me but no regrets. Very comfortable shoe.
Really like the look of the rubber around the edges. A little chunky but cute with jeans.
These shoes are very comfortable and fit great. They are of good quality. I will definitely be wearing these often.
Love these shoes! Ordered a black pair a couple months ago. Great shoes for causal wear.
Super comfy, cool looking, retro style! Highly recommended, style true to size
Very comfortable shoes at a very good price. would buy again again
Fits great. Little stiff until worn in. But I really like them.
Like the materials and the way it looks, cushioning leaves me wanting more after wearing shoes with boost
Such a classic. It combines the urban trends of the 90s with whatever is on right now.
Very comfortable. Like the colors. Size is perfect, I recommend this shoe.
I like this shoes. White one is always fashion. I make my day from it.
These shoes are great for short walks not long walks but nonetheless I'm still in love with these.
Ordered a half size smaller than normal and they fit well.
Very convenient and easy to put on. Just snap those straps and ready to go!
Really like the design of the continental and colour. Very comfortable and stylish.
I like how they fit. They go well with capri pant jeans.
I love the clean look of these shoes, they look great with any outfit.
Good quality trainer,service fast efficient from start to finish,will return to buy plenty more
they are perfect, because its adidas. i will recommend these shoes for all my friends !!!
It got to me fast! When I put my foot in it there’s a lot of Wear at the front of the shoe
very nice design, exact sizing, very comfortable and good quality shoes at a reasonable sales price. Thank you !
Very comfortable and very stylish, can go with any fit
Needed shoes for work for a great a price. Waited for it to be a sale. Went online and got a pair before they were all sold out.
For the price, this is definitely the best bang for your buck.
Love the shoe, simple and good quality. Tried them on and became my go to shoes! Thats how comfortable and nice looking they are.
I love this throwback look and the rainbow is just the right amount of color. They're extremely comfortable.
Velcro straps are a cool distinguishing feature!!!
Very comfortable and stylish shoe..can wear it with sweats, jeans, khakis!
Wore them out and extremely comfortable super happy i purchased them
Quality product very simple classics that matches with anything
Cool shoe, simple shoe, nice shoe, floaty and nice
Good looking and comfortable, great walking shoe,great fit
Great shoe! Stylish and comfortable! Compliments jeans for a simple but nice look
A great shoe for everyday. I am especially fond of the Mesa colorway as it makes a subtle statement.
Still a good product! Black shoes goes well with any color pants except Jean's.
Nice style,I like to purchase against recommend this product to any one.
I love the shoes cuz it looks great with black or white
I like the shoe, I just wished it was not so wide, I would be nicer if they where slimmer
Shoes were comfortable and showed a great sense of style.
The shoe fits slightly large. Order your true size. If fits well and it is very comfortable.
Very good quality and super comfortable for the price.
Good quality and good size but narrow on my left foot.
I like this product because they are very pretty and cool
They look good and they are really comfortable. Good choice
Shoes were comfortable and showed a great sense of style
Classy and preppy it is the perfect combination for me
I like it very much，comfortable quality perfect！！！
Great quality, love them. Very comfortable to wear.
Excellent trainers great fit very comfortable would recommend
Comfortable for daily wear, love the style and colour.
The best price & quality. Tjehe Best service of delivery.
I don't know what photographer they used but the pictures on the website are different from the product or something Idk how to say that...
Very comfortable! I love it! ❤️ I highly recommend this to anybody looking for something casual and comfortable.
size is little bigger then described on size chart
Pretty much what's advertised. Somehow a little more retro that they appear to be.
Love the shoes, comfort wise not really the best but understandable since it's a classic (no new techs inside)
Love the retro look of this sneaker. It goes with anything. Will buy again.
I love my shoes, I'll buy this product again. 100%
I like the new vibrant color it’s a mix of modern and classic!
Very comfortable, one of the best sneakes i have ever had.
Had a bit of an issue with delivery but once product arrived was really happy with it
There is to much support in the middle of the shoe where the arch is.
It fits well, looks good. I’ve worn them pretty much every day since I got them and they’re great
runs large went tts thicker socks did the trick
They look good and I don't feel like I need to baby them like some of my other shoes because they feel well built
They are Comfortable and look great. The perfect accessory.
Good shoe to add some color to the collection. Thereto aren't comfortable at first but they break in fast.
Delivered very quick. Subtle styling but very cool trainer.
It’s good for work. Just a lil too narrow for me. I will keep them
Perfect fall shoes. Better quality materials than I expected. Pictures don’t do the shoe justice. Fast shipping, arrived a day before shipping said it would
Fits a little bit large. Otherwise it's a nice looking shoes and quality is great.
Right shoe is uncomfortable, and the left shoe is fine. But it’s causing discomfort in my foot and don’t know if I will be able to continue wearing them.
I like the product as there is always a great variety of trainers to choose from for all age groups.
Perfect style, light weight, snug fit. Love the design
Super comfortable shoes, would highly recommend especially if you work on your feet all day.
stylish sneakers to wear with all of my track suits
These are one my favorite finds. They are an awesome pair that fit super well. The inner sole is extremely comfortable and the shoe fits nice!
It is really beautiful and comfortable. Also, I really liked the color.
overall good quality shoe for the price but slightly narrow so watch out.
Very classic look to the shoes. Like the off white color too.
I loved this product because they were comfy. They were the best shoes I’ve ever slipped in.
Overall a decent shoe. .
I could give a good review but my friend said they’re good
It looks nice but Very uncomfortable. I used it for walking in nyc and by the end of the day my foot was sore.
Sneakers are great model, wearable with everything, comfortable
Shoes were too big but I was able to send them back. The right size came in quit! I love them!
I love the way it looks and feel on my feet, it makes me look nice.
Materials on shoe surpassed my expectations. Received many compliments!!
Very nice model cool looking comfortable and awesome
Fits perfect. When I wear them I get a lot of compliments.
Well worth the price, ESPECIALLY if they are on sale. Great buy.
A classic shoe that is comfortable and looks great.
The inside of the soles was loose and not attached right out of the box. Very poorly made not happy.
I love this shoe because it is a cheap shoe, and it looks great with most of the stuff I wear.
Great trainers, love the colour and the fit is perfect for me, will be buying more.
Lovely shoes. old school and takes me back to the day
Great sneakers, super comfortable and good looking
The picture makes the shoe look as if it is a shade of grey, while it is really a darker shade of green
The shoes arrived on the next day. Perfect size and feels very comfortable. Highly recommended
Great casual style! Wore it on holiday and was quite comfortable to walk around in the whole day.
They look cool and feel really great. Good for the cold.
It’s great old fashion shoe looking and comfort. The color is purely fine .
quality could have been better, doubted of its being authentic adidas, though bought just from the official web site
I love the look of the continental 80's however i wish i got them one size up as they cause some rubbing where stitches meet.
very happy with the trainers as was a birthday gift
Fits great, Comfortable, and Good quality. Might get another on in a different color.
Good quality and nice looking. Good price in the sale
It’s a deferent look. Love the casual look and fits great. I would Definitely buy another pair in black
It’s just how I pictured it. The quality is great and the fit is just perfect.
Very good end comfortable I love my shoes . really good from 1 to 10 I give you 11 Super comfortable and really soft material
I like these alot. I wear them to work a few times a week
Very stylish and comfortable shoe would definitely recommend to others
It’s perfect match for every outfit. Affordable comfortable.
Fast shipping and great quality. Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Had these in the 80s and they are still a great shoe. A very comfortable shoe that looks great with jeans and casual dress pants.
I bought these for my Son (he chose them) and he's very pleased with the style, colour and comfort.
My daughter loves these shoes. It is hard for her to find a shoe that is comfortable for her. They are very comfortable for her, and she loves the style!
You can wear it with everything and it looks great
Good trainers are a bit uncomfortable around the side of foot on one shoe but hope they will wear in.
No matter what. Running. Walking. Jumping. These shoes feel so comfortable and my feet feel so open.
Perfect fit! Really like the colour. Different from the rest. Goes with everything for me. Worth it!
quality, good looking, Design, Fitting, color and comfort
Dont gotta tie my shoelace! Idk what happened, but my shoelaces always untie and this pair solves the problem. hip oldies shoe!
Great shoe, its comfortable, stylish and simple to wear
Vintage style with modern styling cues. Great shoes for the kiddos!
Very comfortable, love the gum soles, great value!
It is a very sleek shoe at a very good price. I bought it to replace my daily sneakers.
I haven't had them long enough to speak for durability, but they are extremely comfortable! Definitely recommend!
Only started feeling the pain of the inner stitching running against my toe after walking for a while, while on vacation. Now I’m stuck with them. Never buying adidas shoes again.
These are the hotness. Velcro is the new laces, get on it.
I like the feel of the shoe and I also like how good the shoe looks
I love this style! Make me remind my childhood!!!!
I like it in overall however it is to soon to say anything about the quality I don't like some of the finishing like some stitches
These shoes are a perfect off white, I love the rainbow, and the are comfy! The only issue for me is that 8.5 is a bit large.
After a few months of wearing these atleast every other day, they still feel great. They do attract a lot of dust, I guess from the grooves in the leather.
Very comfy shoes. Size fits great. Wide enough for my feet but still look slim. Shoes are not too shiny just the perfect shine. I recommend.
I'm normally a size 10.5, but these seem to run just a tad bigger.
The colour way and retro styling are great. The fit is comfy.
I don't like this shoe. This shoe was made to big size Is not true in women.
Very good shoe at a low price. Works well with any outfit
Dope shoes they go with almost any outfit. White shoes are mandatory in any wardrobe.
Breathable and lightweight. Nothing fancy, but comfortable and nice arch support.
These shoes are sleek and retro. I love it So comfortable
Got these for work! Super comfy maybe a little narrow sole but over for my foot it fits perfect the leather is super easy to clean.
Really happy with this color gray. The color surprised me a little, it fits into my Ensemble perfectly. Now time to add to the Arsenal
I bought it for half the price and its very comfortable.
Look great and feel good quality. I’ll be buying more pairs in other colours.
Right shoe feels smaller than the left shoe. The right shoe feels tight and they hurt. Wouldn’t buy this shoe or any adidas shoe again
i like it because its a gift for my boyfriend and its pink shoes ! he want this shoes few time ago
Looks good with most outfits. High quality feel to the materials used.
I plan to wear these for Palm Springs Pride celebrations.
the full grain leather is soft and gives the shoe texture
They are a nice white and are pretty cool with most clothes.
As a female, I ordered one size smaller to fit, but it sadly, it was way too big. I then ordered the smallest size they had and it fit perfect. Would definitely buy again.
I absolutely love these sneakers! I am a female and I typically order size 8.5 in women’s sizes, I ordered the unisex 7s. My feet are slightly wide and these have a good amount of room for that issue. I was looking for a comfortable pair of shoes that were still stylish because I have to stand all day at my job, and after wearing these for a month my feet are very happy! I order the leopard print color and they are insanely cool. I get compliments on them every time I wear them. I was a bit worried about how the material would wear over time (they are made with pony hair), but so far I haven’t had issues with loose or broken hair. I just ordered two more pairs in other colors!
The leather on the right wall of the left shoe is pretty loose and does not at all match the other shoe. I will be returning this pair and ordering another.
Super comfy! Runs a 1/2 size small so make sure you get 1/2 size larger than your usual.
These shoes get a 5/5 stars; for one they are super stylish, pairing these with mom jeans and a vintage styled top totally brings the 80's vibe back. I've had these shoes for 2 month's now and I've had to clean them here and there since it does rain a lot where I am, but they are leather so it just comes right off. They literally feel like I'm walking on a cloud in these shoes. Highly recommend!!
the shoes feel slightly big for the size it feels comfortable and the design is nice the price seems like a really good deal.
I like that when you order from adidas that it arrives on time or even before expected date, and very its stylish and comfortable
Quality product at a great price and great comfort
so comfortable! id buy different colours! wonderful
They’re so comfortable and look smart either with jeans or sports wear. The hardest choice is picking your favourite colour.
This is a great looking shoe and so very comfortable. Bought these for my husband and he loves them!
Old school style with modern comfort. Can wear as casual or style
Because a love adidas products to much and my family too
Buy them if you like that retro design. Them are also very comfortable.
The sizing runs large & there’s no half sizes at 12 or above
Great leather quality and comfort! Can’t ever go wrong with the Continentals!
I ordered Men's shoes because I liked the colors better! I wear a steady 9 in Women's adidas shoes, but ordered a 7.5 Mens in thses :) they fit perfect! SO cute and casual and can be worn with many outfits. 
The shoes fit perfectly and they’re so comfortable!
I really like these shoes. Wanted to have a throwback model and these certainly meet my expectations.
Excellent classic shoe for casual look, fits great
Perfect fit, light on my foot. Nice materials. Best buy
I love the different colorways that are available. The leather is very soft and makes for a comfortable fit.
Trainers with West Ham colours. Winner for me. Nice
Sleek stylish and simple With the comfort of a pillow ya dig these a lot
Very nice shoes and they’re extremely comfortable!
I really like the look and the feel of the shoes, only slightly disappointed of the quality of the stitching and glueing. 
Fell in love with the ice mint color the minute I saw these shoes. The collegiate navy and grey stripe along the sides also adds a nice touch.
Needs a little time to break them in. But, over all a great quality product
Comfortable, great quality. I wear it a lot with very little hassle
Can’t wait to buy another pair. These are so comfortable. My feet are super wide and they don’t punch me anywhere. It’s amazing
I like the shoes they fit perfect comfortable on feet great quality
well made looks great i get a lot of compliments luvem!
clean look and comfortable good looking shoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very comfortable, pretty. I would recommend it. All the colors are nice.
Cute shoes but very narrow and somewhat painful. Size up!
It's OK, but its too expensive. Sell also products for the poor people.
I had the RWB, picked up the black with RG and Rainbow pairs...... DOPE!
While the shoes look amazing, I was very disappointed to see some grease-like stains on one of the shoes right out of the box. I've had only great experiences with ordering Adidas in the past so this is a let down.
They look very fashionable and I love them thanks a lot adidas
The shoes are classic and confortable. Good colors
These trainers are really comfy and look great. Highly recommended
Great shoes! Love them! People have compliment me several times
I really like the Continental 80's. They look stylish and classy. Great for out and about in the city. Quality is tops, with a nice leather upper and two tone sole. Definitely recommend.
Great style and comfort, goes with everything...from jeans to slacks
They look good and are comfortable. Good buy, happy husband.
I love the retro look it, takes me back to the 80s
Best materials. Color scheme is hard to pull off.  Really comfortable for not having boost midsole. Hope adidas makes some boost ones. 
I ordered the shoes online, a few days later a beaten up Adidas box included shoes already worn. Pictures attached. This was a first for me, and I have ordered many shoes online. I like the model, but its out now.
Not comfortable at all Pretty narrow from the front weird shape
These are very good shoes for the money they are asking. They are comfortable and look fantastic. I received a couple of compliments the first day I wore them. When the time comes, I will order them again. 
Very comfortable shoes, definitely worth it!!!!!!!
Best comfort,colour and quality in continental edition.
Really nice shoes and comfortable. Good for your everyday shoes
I was skeptical of getting the shoes online because I hadn’t tried them on yet but they are true to size and fit very comfortably. Really easy to clean because of the material which is an probably the best thing about them giving my shoes are always getting dirty at work.cant recommend enough!
Because, it is very nice, and confortable and cheep !
Bought 2 pairs to ensure ive got them for years to come. So many people comment on the color! 7.5 was tight width wise so I went up to an 8, definitely buying them in Black with a grey detail?.. thank you Adidas
I have slightly wide feet but after breaking them in I tend to forget the feeling after wearing them for an hour or so. 
They are very comfortable and the atheistics are nice
Fits perfectly as usual and goes along with different outfit styles and colors. Got complements since day 1 and every time I wear it.
The fit is great. And the color is an eye catcher❗️ I continue to purchase Adidas because they continue to be what I wanted and the quality continues. I enjoy having a selection in what I need and choice of colors.
Retro style on the outside, build with modern comfort on the inside. Solid aesthetic and build quality.
Honestly really do like the shoes a lot. I usually sit between a size 9.5 or 10 depending on the shoes, and the 9.5 fit great so maybe order a size down. Get a lot of compliments on the shoes.
I already have them in white.love the navy pair !!
Adidas unisex sneakers always run a half size too big. I wish I could have exchanged them, but they were completely sold out. 
Fashionable trendy and very comfortable, I’m not sure if I should have bought a smaller size or what but I still like it 
Perfect off white shoes, comfy & stylish. Arrived super fast!
The product fits perfectly. It’s really cute as well
These shoes fit perfectly. They're also very stylish and comfortable. Def recommend.
These shoes fit really well and have nice quality leather!
These shoes are super comfortable and look great on feet.
Love these trainer's take's me back to being a kid.
Good quality materials and a very comfortable shoe
Actually pretty comfortable! Definitely need another pair!
Love them! I get compliments everywhere I go. Very comfortable and great quality.
They feel as great as they look. The shoe that is easily turning me into a sneakerhead.
With their classic look, these shoes fit just about any casual situation you may find yourself in. And their comfort should guarantee that whatever that situation may be, your feet will remain happy.
They look nice on foot and they're comfortable to walk around in. Nice leather on the product too! Definitely would recommend.
The only con is not wide enough. So if u have a wide feet these may not be the one for you.
I like them except they do get black scuffs on the bottom rubber part, but other wise great!
Affordable and comfortable. Durable shoe and stylish
Love color, style and fit, but need better shoe insole
Had to exchange for a size larger than normal because of the narrow width. They pinch a bit near the toes, but otherwise are good casual shoes.
A super cute classic shoe with a color scheme for everyone.
First time that an Adidas Shoe with US 8 is too small for me. It is way too narrow at the instep and makes walking not comfortable. Next to that, the leather dots a the top of the shoe are not punched out properly between both shoes. Unfortunately, you can see several glue leftovers on the side, where has been worked with too much glue.
I really like the shoes but the one thing that surprised is that the leather was pretty crinkled and cracked looking, not to the point of damage or looking bad, just not a smooth as the pictures.
My pair was heavily flawed but still a wearable shoe.
I love everything about these shoes. Size matched, stayed true to what was shown. The only thing I would recommend about wearing these, wear socks that aren’t too low. The back will rub and slide your socks off if not.
The shoe does not feel as well made as most of the other adidas sneakers I wear. The sides especially seem weaker than expected.
I absolutely love this sneaker. It is comfortable, stylish and you can wear it with just about anything. This is 3rd pair of continental 80s that I own, as I also have them in other colorways.
Got these shoes for a total of $30 (retail $80), with free shipping. Such a steal. They look amazing, feel great, and are definitely gonna become a staple in my wardrobe. The only two gripes I would have is that they run big (just barely), and they seem to crease really easily. Regardless, these Continental 80s are a great casual sneaker to do just about anything in.
Shoes fit as expected and are really good quality.
The shoes are very comfortable. The biggest downside was how wide and chunky/bulky the shoes were. If they were a little more narrow, I might not have returned the shoes.
Shoes are amazing! prob is ordering W's sizes when searching Women's shoes - and shoes are sized for men. i cannot wear these tennis shoes, as much as i love them, b/c i ordered the men's size - incorrectly :(
I bought these shoes because I was drawn to the design at first. I still like the design but after some walking, the top part of the shoes were getting in the way and made it very uncomfortable to walk in. One day, I walked 20000+ steps in them and by that night, the top part of my feet were in pain/ it took a few days for the discomfort to go away. I am only going to wear these shoes if I'm sure my walk will be minimal.
Size was a little bigger than I thought and adidas typical size, if you are good at adidas 8, I would take 7.5 for these shoes instead
They are just really uncomfortable. I love adidas but this shoe is way too flat. I cannot wear for long periods or any place I’m going to be walking!
I like it because it had meaning and looks to it and I just overall I’ve this shoe
Really comfortable shoes that look great, but everything gets stuck underneath the sole.
I love the style of the shoes and the quality 10/10
Love these trainers. Love the retro style& the colour. I sized up by 1/2 a size as per the other reviews saying they're small fit which I agree with. Not worn them out yet as saving for better weather but will look great in summer! Great price too with the family & friends discount on top of the sale price.
These sneakers are easily wearable. There are so many color ways they go with anything. If you have wide feet you may have to go up a half size they are a little narrow at the tow box. Also there isn’t that great of arch support so they wouldn’t be good shoes to work out in or stand for long periods of time.
The material is great, the build is great. But the only reason I cannot give it a perfect score is there is a weird hardened part of the sole. Right by heal , between the heal and the arch. Wouldn't be so bad if it was on the heal or arch, but it is just off. Again happened in both shoes, not just one of them.
Bought these shoes in mind for work and they have kept together. Working for Safeway and standing endless hours, now after about 10 months they are giving in. As seen in the photo, I speak of the insoles. The bottoms are still grippy and they really are pretty comfortable. Heel tears still aren't too bothersome. A boost technology model of the shoe would be nice! 
I've received a few compliments on these since I purchased them a couple of weeks ago. They look pretty good. They're not all that comfortable though. I spent a weekend walking around Monterey and my feet, particularly my heels, really started to hurt. I've noticed also the sole is already separating from the upper toe portion. See photo
I think it's hard to find bright and fun colors such as this in men's shoes. I appreciate the option, and I think it looks brilliant in person.
I got these because of their original looks that remind me of the classic Adidas image for sportwear and they look great with jeans.
It was on sale for $30 you can’t beat that! It also was a good shoe to just beat up.
I like it because its design reminds me gentility. It doesnt transmitt stupidly strange postmodern design. It is comfortable, by the way. Also, you can wear it with different types of pants.
Need to take a size smaller. My foot is 26.5 centimeters, they are large, you need to take the size US 8
Today is my first day wearing these shoes and the inner stitching at the base of the tongue hurts so bad. I've been wearing them for about 2 hours and I'm ready to kick them off. Has anyone else had this issue? Please let me know if you had to break them in or if I just have a defective pair. Thanks.
These looked great, perfect size, problem is the soul of the right foot was jacked up and uncomfortable. Maybe I just got a defective one but they were unwearable. Too bad because they looked good.
This is very comfortable shoes. The size fits well. The color is very good. You can wear them with different outfits.
These shoes are comfortable and stylish at the same time, very good purchase. I recommend this product to anyone
The leather at the top of the show is beginning to detach from the rubber sole and I've only been wearing these shoes for about 2 months. I wear them casually, so not happy that they are already showing that much wear.
Purchase this for daily use, with gum bottom, cant go wrong with that, great value
Is a retro style, i like the comfort, the price is perfect, anyone store have the same deals.
It's comfortable. It's good, I like the design it's so simple.
Wearing these makes my yamaha DX7 even more powerful.
I took the advice of other comments I’ve seen on this shoe and sized down 1/2 a size. I tried them on and my heel is slipping out because they are still too big. I recommend going a full size down so they do not slip off of your heel.
It pairs well with everything. Minimal design, classic. Good quality. Great for everyday casual wear.
I think of them as the poor mans Calabasas; lackluster at every angle ...
Got the leopard print ones for my mom and she loves them! Super cool pair of shoes.
All my friends love them. My favorite color is bright red and I love that they had them.
Great shoes I love them it's a classic that never let you down
I love these shoes and super comfortable I wear them everywhere!
Just like I used to wear "back in the day" when I was a kid. Love that I could get another pair. Just ran a half-size too small. Half-size bigger than I normally would wear fits perfectly. But hassle-free exchange and great customer service.
These shoes serve a good purpose. I got them on sale for half off, and for $40 i can’t shake a stick at them. They are good for about 4-5 hours of walking/working but they begin to become a little uncomfortable. I imagine these would make a great skate shoe. They have flat bottoms.  My favorite thing about them, is the color. A lot of people have commented on them already of how awesome they look! If you don’t have a pair of these i would strongly recommend adding a pair to your fleet!
Just go one size up, other than its a perfect shoe.
I want to love these shoes but The tongue on the shoe kills my foot. I bought them then returned because they were too big. Still slightly big but no big deal. The tongue on the right shoe though rubs the top of my foot and it hurts so bad! Never have I had a shoe do this before. I’m out of the country and I bought these for lots of walking. At the moment I’m borrowing my sisters shoes because these are unbearable. Hopefully when I get back home I can return them.
I love the shoes. They go well with a lot of the outfits I wear. They give me comfort but are stylish at the same time which is important at my job. I will continue to buy Continental 80s because of the great color choices. I almost always get complimented when wearing them.
Style is great! Just wish they made it a lil wider
Great, comfy shoes. The red is an amazong color. I didnt realize how much id actually love these shoes.
great shoes overall and they're super comfy and very durable.
I have Gazelle, Spezial, Los Angeles and Stan Smiths already and I have them all EU 46 1/3 size. These Continental 80's are a perfect fit for me in that same size. These are surprisingly warm sneakers compared to others, so not good for summer maybe but for other seasons they are great.
These were surprisingly very comfortable. I'm an avid boost sneaker head but I figured I would give these a try for Fall/Winter weather and they are really nice. After wearing these for a week, I bought the burgundy pair!
Size is too big and shoe is too wide - make feet look huge
Awesome shoe - great classic style. Very comfortable.
I bought the pink one and it looks amazing, although it's a bit hard to match with. The cushioning inside the shoe makes it super comfortable to wear and the design of the shoe looks great. I would definitely recommend buying because it is super comfortable and stylish at the same time.
Dope, og colorway. Perfect for casual wear and goes with most fits.
I have no complaints regarding this shoe at all. I wear mine just about everyday and they have held up great. They’re super comfy and even though I’ve had the all white pair for about a year now they’ve remained pretty much spotless. Bouta cop another pair soon for sure
Love this shoes. I have slightly wide feet so perfect fit for me,i get two
Very easy to match and very stylish shoes. Offers a minty tint.
Can't go wrong with a pair of Continental 80. Great fit and lots of compliments
First let me say I love the shoes they LOOK amazing! The trouble is in the QA and the glue Adidas uses to adhere the sole the bottom lining of the shoe. I have now received three pair through the exchange process to attempt to remediate this but with no success. To test pull out the insole and look at the toe box, if you see warpage you have an issue. Alternatively, grip the front of the shoes toe box width wise and squeeze gently if you hear a click or a pop you have an issue.  Adidas, please fix this issue and stop having folks like myself be you QA dept with our hard earned money. Im a fan of your products, but Im seriously hesitant on future purchase because of this.
they are very. comfy, true to size, gorgeous color
I think this shoe has great materials for the price point although their are a lot more premium options
Very comfortable and sporty. Looks great with Adidas Track Suit.
They really add a lot of flavor to any outfit when I wear them!
These shoes are very nice and trendy. I got compliments on them the very first day I wore them to work.  However, I will note that the shoe is very uncomfortable out of the box. There are two sites where multiple leather pieces are stitched together creating a thick and hard bump. This bump then grinds up against the top of my forefoot area. I typically like to have my shoes laced relatively tightly but with these shoes I've had to have my shoes laced very loosely to the point that I feel the shoes are too big and slip off. I am very disappointed that Adidas didn't think it through when designing the stitching etc.  I am crossing my fingers and hoping that the shoes will break in and stop hurting my feet!  Other than the shoes hurting my feet, they look awesome and they compliment any outfit! If you don't mind suffering through a couple of weeks worth of breaking the shoe in, I'd recommend this shoe. Also if anyone knows how to alleviate this discomfort, please let me know! Thanks!!
Glad I bought a pair of these, they're super stylish and comfortable so far. I have wider feet so I sized up a half size like I typically would for Stan Smiths.
Love the shoes. The fit, the look. Very easy to walk in, and goes well with joggers and chinos.
I adore the color and the style, the design is retro yet sleek. It’s beyond sick, i love it!!!
I really wanted to like the Continentals. They are a really clean style that are easy to wear just about anywhere. As others have said, these do tend to run big so maybe order a half-size down. Unfortunately, the tongue design on these is not comfortable; it's way too thin and tends to curl up and dig into the top of your foot. No matter how I adjusted the lacing, I couldn't get it to lay flat on either of my feet. I had hoped it would flatten with some wear, but even after 20-30 minutes around the house I couldn't take it anymore. Sad that I had to return these and hope that the design gets revised with a different tongue.
This sneaker looks amazing and I wanted to keep it but something about the width. The front of my foot was killing me so bad I couldn’t keep it.
I love this design much like the 1980s Reebok sneakers that I have. On the other hand these shoes do not compare to the the Reebok. I wanted to share and advise that this Addias shoe is terribly designed and constructed. The left and right side of the shoe internally has a sewn seam on the top inner right Near the first lace hole and down the front inner side that rubs the top metatarsal of your foot and gives you a massive blister on your foot (with socks on) from just bending your foot within a few hours. I live and work in Manhattan and walk everywhere, so I actually had to buy other shoes and throw these in the bag one afternoon. Don’t buy these shoes. I have a common men’s size 10 medium foot with no issues (narrow or wide) so for these to not fit and cause massive blisters on both feet in the same area under a seam means something is wrong with the design. Save your money.
The style of the shoe is great. Can't beat the price.
I bought these for the 80's aesthetic, but they are honestly great shoes, and I wear them all the time. I even wear them to work.
I have somewhat wide feet, no issue there, the show is comfy to me, but they definitely run a half size big as other reviews said. Size .5 size down
I like the aesthetic it is a clean and simple silhouette
I love the style of these shoe and they have some great colorway options. I usually wear a size 14 but these were too large, exchanged for 13.
Love the look of the shoe. I got the blue suede and it looks great with the gum sole but the shoes aren't nearly as comfortable as my Rod Laver shoes. The top of my foot gets uncomfortable if I wear them all day long. It's not bad but if I'm going to be out all day, I don't wear these shoes.
Definitely my go too sneaker. Affordable and comfortable all in one. Easy to dress up!
Runs half a size long but everything else is perfect. Great quality, I got the regular white but will also get the off white. 
I usually wear a 10.5 and my feet are a bit wide, the continental 80s were pretty true to size. There's some slight width near the middle but it wasn't too much for it to be an issue with walking or the comfort of the shoes. Slightly loose fit but can still walk around a day in them. 
Nice pair of shoes love all the colors available too.
These are great looking shoes; the perfect white sneaker. Excellent alternative to my Stan Smiths. The leather is soft and the off-white color makes them a little more special.
great looking calssic sneakers for summer really comfortable;e
I like the shoes because of the quality of the make, and the comfortably of the sole. Amazing Purchase. Highly recommend. 
I was a bit disappointed that they are a half size to large. I ordered the size I always do and it was larger than ever before sadly. They’re super stylish and well made other than that. It just sucks a little that there’s a little to much wiggle room.
Great comfortable shoes, use them most at the gym. These shoes kind of reminds me of my current Reebok shoes that looks closely related to each other.
My wife said they're very comfortable and she could wear them all day
These actually better than what I expected. The quality of the shoe is great.
This pair of shoes was purchased for one of my chefs to wear to work, and he wears it long hours every day. Highly recommended for an all day work shoe and stylish enough to wear after work.
this is one of the best shoes i have ever bought very stylish
I know these were in the mens section, but these were screaming "buy me!" So I did. Love them and I can wear them with so many outfits. ;-)
I love these shoes! Got a pair in Aero Blue instead of white just to stand out. I am a women's 9.5 and the men's 7 is a perfect fit. These are great for work & school where I walk 2-4 miles per day. Super soft leather and quality construction. Easy to clean.
I go same size as superstars and gazelles, which is 1/2 size down. Quality of materials are good for the price, comfort is average, definitely nothing like boost, but a nice casual and stylish shoe for a good price.
I bought these shoes in the all white color and they are very stylish and I like them a lot. As a person with larger feet I can gladly say that a larger size doesn’t affect the look. Very comfortable and breathable and they go with everything. Great purchase.
A super stylish way to wear a very comfortable shoe.
These are gorgeous. I ordered them in my size (8.5) which were quite large on me. I sent them back and then ordered an 8 which was still too large! The 7.5 was sold out so I decided to see if the 7 fit, which of course, it did not. I sent it back and have been waiting for them to restock the size but to no avail. I’m extremely disappointed because this is the exact show I’ve been looking for. Their sizing needs to be more consistent, I’ve never had to go a full size down from what I normally am. Over a month has passed and it doesn’t seem they will be resizing the colorway I want anytime soon, if at all. Bummer.
Fit perfect I used mine for customizing great for a simple colour block
Perfect for my dressing style. Very versatile, perfect for any dressing style.
my first continentals and I love them. will be getting more in the future. perfect width (I have a wider foot and struggle with some of the more football-like shoes).
I recommend this shoes. Very perfect and fit well.
I received them today and tried to wear only at home, however from the first moment I feeled the pain. The tongue is stitched to the main part of shoes in a very rude manner. I like the style and hope that I will find any solution to not hurt my feet wearing them.
I love the product because it is reasonable in price and the quality is Amazing!!!!!!! I Love these Shoes!!!
Good price point, simple yet clean design, and overall great shoe.
This is the type of simple shoe I wanted, I fell in love with the NMD series and that is what brought me into the Adidas brand. I then bought 3 yeezys which were questionable- mauve, sesame 350 v2, and the static 350 v2(I have never worn them once). That is over $1000 in shoes.... if I used that money on Continentals or NMDs I would have shoes for 40 years. The quality is good, it probably does not have great longevity and it will crease over time- let us just hope it ages well. The Grey with green and blue lines looked cool but having the color way of two separate colors on each side is kind of too much. So I am going to be exchanging it for the other grey that is coming out with the same colored stripes on the inner and outside of the shoe. I have wide feet and am a 10.5 in adidas with these type of shoes and a 11.5 in the just do it brand. I love how Adidas makes wide shoes, if you have wide feet these are a steal.
My pair as comfortable as my old Stan Smith. Matching to any outfit!
Very comfortable to walk in. The material on them is also of great quality. They go very well with any look, jeans or some casual khakis
Right shoe looks great and the comfort is okaish. However the left shoe looks like somthing crushed it for abit and it has wrinkle in the front from the start of wear. There is also a small hole in the color of left shoe. Dissapointed of the quality of the left shoe. Attaching image of the left shoe from the first time wearing, can see the wrinkles and the hole in the color.
I like it because it’s super cool and I get to match seohyun =)
They run half a size too big, so order half smaller! These are so cute and comfortable to wear, best gift I've received. 
These shows are very similar to the older adidas shoes of the 80s in style and in comfort. wearing these out for the night gave me a blister on my pinky toe. I with the shoe had more give like the modern shoes adidas has been making recently. I purchased the frozen yellow ones and the core black/scarlet ones. I much prefer the frozen yellows as the black ones look like work shoes.
Truly great, comfortable lightweight and juat a must have
Shoe is too big, quality not that good for what I expected
I bought these because they were similar to the yeezy powerphase and they are great. The grey goes with everything you wear. Love the look.
Shoes look super good and feel like they’d be really comfortable but, unfortunately, they didn’t think to get these in women’s sizes. The smallest they come in is a men 7/women 8. Many many women where a smaller shoe size than an 8 and we didn’t even have the option. I’m usually between a 7 & 8 and was hoping an 8 would work but I can’t go any mower.
Great for those who don't want to dress up too nice with Stan Smiths but still want a comfortable, sleek street shoe
The shoes online look great, but when I got them, I wasn't as impressed. The shoes looked blocky to me and when I wore them, it wasn't as comfortable of a sneaker as I thought. Returned to Adidas almost right away
love the off white color on the shoe and comfy to wear
Super classic and clean. I love this shoe but have a few gripes with it. Go half a size down.  Pros: Classic, slim silhouette. I find the stan smith toe box to be too bulbous. This one is much slimmer. Leather is decently soft. Stan smiths leather felt and looked more like plastic.  Cons: Cut on the leather overlays are inconsistent on my pair. From the included pictures you can see the excess leather sticking out from where the overlays were stitched. Not sure how it will hold up in the long run. Also, half the Adidas logo in ONE the insole came off after the FIRST wear. Not a big deal but this review is for all yall to know.  Would recommend this shoe only on sale.
I love these trainers! I do walk lots so I needed a pair of good ones to help my feet make it and these are perfect! They are a bit wide but nothing to worry. I have had lots of compliments when wearing them, someone said I looked cool ;)
Was very skeptical about buying these because I hadn’t bought Adidas shoes in a very long time, but saw the color and decided to try it! It was worth the purchase and they’re my new favorite shoes! 
I have been rocking adidas for a long time. I had a pair of this sneakers when they came out back in the day. The style and fit is still on point. Adidas has iconic items like this that never goes out of style
I purchased these because of how beautiful they looked. Also because male shoes are wider than female shoes. they were not a good fit for me. I can wear the, for a while but that is all. Also the sole is hard to clean in the middle because its foam. Not ideal. If your foot is very narrow these are for you, if you lie comfort.. these are not. 
The shoe fits a little big and the sole and some stitching seem like they were done cheaply, but overall they're comfortable and I wear them every day.
I ordered these in 3 colors because they have a classic look, are high quality, and have a great price! There is some breaking in when it comes to the stitching but after one wear you are good to go! I have alternated my all whites, black with gum, and cream with gum the past 3 weeks! 
The design for these add another level of uniqueness to the shoe. The Continentals are comfortable and I am excited to wear them out for people to inquire on where I got them!
I bought these shoes because of the retro look and feel to it. However, the new Continental 80s do not have the high Adidas quality you normal expect. I wonder if it's just a bad batch I received. Also, not the most comfortable either. The insoles don't arch in the best location.
I bought these a week ago, and while I LOVE how they look, unless I wear thick socks, there's a pinching/rubbing from the stitching inside by each pinky toe, top and side. SUPER uncomfortable and having shoes I can only wear in the fall/winter isn't why I bought them. They look great, but be aware that this issue doesn't present itself until you walk around in them out in the world...
The color and materials used on this shoes are great - the leather is a little worn-in giving it a good feel when being walked in. However, I did notice that i have slightly wide feet. If you have wide feet this shoe isn't the best as it runs a little narrow.
Honestly the most casual and light weight sneaker. Purchasing my second pair in this clean all white color way. I bought my first pair last summer ( white with the red and navy stripes) and wore them for 10+ hours a day on a euro trip and ended up taking them with me to egypt as well! so clean, goes with everything. Obviously doesn't support as well as an ultra boost does but it's my everyday shoe. I work in them, travel with them, i live in these shoes. I'm usually a 8.5 Womens and i have a wide foot and the 7.5 fits perfect. 
I usually only buy boost but the neon yellow color was too cool. I modified them and removed the stripes with a seam ripper. Turned out good. Comfort feels like a adidas shell toe. Not the best but ok. I went up a half size because of my wide feet and they fit great. Not a bad alternative to a Yeezy Calabasas shoe for the price.
