Look great but abit narrow, part where the tongue meets the shoe is quite tight

These are quite tight around the toes - expected them to be much more comfortable.

There is stitching in the toe box that rubs against the top of the ball of your foot. The shoes look great, but they are incredibly painful to walk in!

The straps are too short and fit is too tight. I might gotten a better fit if I'd have gone a 1/2 size larger.

Best part: Adidas handling of the purchase, shipping and delivery was outstanding. The shoe itself: they feel a bit narrow in the front. Materials are a mixed bag... some parts of the shoe seem to be high quality, other parts looks like they skimped a bit. Bottom line: If I'd have tried these in a store, I probably would not have bought them. They fall short of my expectations/past experience with Adidas products.

It’s looks pretty appealing but the comfort level needs more attention.

Great shoe, high quality and true to size. Just a bit narrow in the middle of your foot

nice but get a lil tosty on the feetsies, make sure to take them off every 4 minutes

An exactly OK shoe. Fits big. Materials are not great. Not the most comfortable shoe.

It’s a great shoe, with even better arch support for any of you out there that have foot problems. Aside from that it does take a little to wear them in, and they run half a size too large but other than that, perfecto

Very stylish but runs a 1/2 size too big. Overall a great show and is very comfortable.

Would recommend going up 1/2 size for comfort but other than that PERFECT!

Uncomfortable, but nice, there are different colours and you can use them everywhere

Comfortable shoes. They were 1/2 size larger than normal. Quality construction.

Really like the look of the rubber around the edges. A little chunky but cute with jeans.

Ordered a half size smaller than normal and they fit well.

I like the shoe, I just wished it was not so wide, I would be nicer if they where slimmer

I don't know what photographer they used but the pictures on the website are different from the product or something Idk how to say that...

size is little bigger then described on size chart

Love the shoes, comfort wise not really the best but understandable since it's a classic (no new techs inside)

Had a bit of an issue with delivery but once product arrived was really happy with it

There is to much support in the middle of the shoe where the arch is.

runs large went tts thicker socks did the trick

Good shoe to add some color to the collection. Thereto aren't comfortable at first but they break in fast.

It’s good for work. Just a lil too narrow for me. I will keep them

Fits a little bit large. Otherwise it's a nice looking shoes and quality is great.

Right shoe is uncomfortable, and the left shoe is fine. But it’s causing discomfort in my foot and don’t know if I will be able to continue wearing them.

overall good quality shoe for the price but slightly narrow so watch out.

It looks nice but Very uncomfortable. I used it for walking in nyc and by the end of the day my foot was sore.

Shoes were too big but I was able to send them back. The right size came in quit! I love them!

The inside of the soles was loose and not attached right out of the box. Very poorly made not happy.

The picture makes the shoe look as if it is a shade of grey, while it is really a darker shade of green

quality could have been better, doubted of its being authentic adidas, though bought just from the official web site

I love the look of the continental 80's however i wish i got them one size up as they cause some rubbing where stitches meet.

Good trainers are a bit uncomfortable around the side of foot on one shoe but hope they will wear in.

Only started feeling the pain of the inner stitching running against my toe after walking for a while, while on vacation. Now I’m stuck with them. Never buying adidas shoes again.

I like it in overall however it is to soon to say anything about the quality I don't like some of the finishing like some stitches

These shoes are a perfect off white, I love the rainbow, and the are comfy! The only issue for me is that 8.5 is a bit large.

After a few months of wearing these atleast every other day, they still feel great. They do attract a lot of dust, I guess from the grooves in the leather.

I'm normally a size 10.5, but these seem to run just a tad bigger.

I don't like this shoe. This shoe was made to big size Is not true in women.

Right shoe feels smaller than the left shoe. The right shoe feels tight and they hurt. Wouldn’t buy this shoe or any adidas shoe again

As a female, I ordered one size smaller to fit, but it sadly, it was way too big. I then ordered the smallest size they had and it fit perfect. Would definitely buy again.

The leather on the right wall of the left shoe is pretty loose and does not at all match the other shoe. I will be returning this pair and ordering another.

Super comfy! Runs a 1/2 size small so make sure you get 1/2 size larger than your usual.

the shoes feel slightly big for the size it feels comfortable and the design is nice the price seems like a really good deal.

The sizing runs large & there’s no half sizes at 12 or above

I really like the look and the feel of the shoes, only slightly disappointed of the quality of the stitching and glueing. 

Needs a little time to break them in. But, over all a great quality product

Cute shoes but very narrow and somewhat painful. Size up!

It's OK, but its too expensive. Sell also products for the poor people.

While the shoes look amazing, I was very disappointed to see some grease-like stains on one of the shoes right out of the box. I've had only great experiences with ordering Adidas in the past so this is a let down.

I ordered the shoes online, a few days later a beaten up Adidas box included shoes already worn. Pictures attached. This was a first for me, and I have ordered many shoes online. I like the model, but its out now.

Not comfortable at all Pretty narrow from the front weird shape

Bought 2 pairs to ensure ive got them for years to come. So many people comment on the color! 7.5 was tight width wise so I went up to an 8, definitely buying them in Black with a grey detail?.. thank you Adidas

I have slightly wide feet but after breaking them in I tend to forget the feeling after wearing them for an hour or so. 

Adidas unisex sneakers always run a half size too big. I wish I could have exchanged them, but they were completely sold out. 

Fashionable trendy and very comfortable, I’m not sure if I should have bought a smaller size or what but I still like it 

The only con is not wide enough. So if u have a wide feet these may not be the one for you.

I like them except they do get black scuffs on the bottom rubber part, but other wise great!

Love color, style and fit, but need better shoe insole

Had to exchange for a size larger than normal because of the narrow width. They pinch a bit near the toes, but otherwise are good casual shoes.

First time that an Adidas Shoe with US 8 is too small for me. It is way too narrow at the instep and makes walking not comfortable. Next to that, the leather dots a the top of the shoe are not punched out properly between both shoes. Unfortunately, you can see several glue leftovers on the side, where has been worked with too much glue.

I really like the shoes but the one thing that surprised is that the leather was pretty crinkled and cracked looking, not to the point of damage or looking bad, just not a smooth as the pictures.

My pair was heavily flawed but still a wearable shoe.

I love everything about these shoes. Size matched, stayed true to what was shown. The only thing I would recommend about wearing these, wear socks that aren’t too low. The back will rub and slide your socks off if not.

The shoe does not feel as well made as most of the other adidas sneakers I wear. The sides especially seem weaker than expected.

Got these shoes for a total of $30 (retail $80), with free shipping. Such a steal. They look amazing, feel great, and are definitely gonna become a staple in my wardrobe. The only two gripes I would have is that they run big (just barely), and they seem to crease really easily. Regardless, these Continental 80s are a great casual sneaker to do just about anything in.

The shoes are very comfortable. The biggest downside was how wide and chunky/bulky the shoes were. If they were a little more narrow, I might not have returned the shoes.

Shoes are amazing! prob is ordering W's sizes when searching Women's shoes - and shoes are sized for men. i cannot wear these tennis shoes, as much as i love them, b/c i ordered the men's size - incorrectly :(

I bought these shoes because I was drawn to the design at first. I still like the design but after some walking, the top part of the shoes were getting in the way and made it very uncomfortable to walk in. One day, I walked 20000+ steps in them and by that night, the top part of my feet were in pain/ it took a few days for the discomfort to go away. I am only going to wear these shoes if I'm sure my walk will be minimal.

Size was a little bigger than I thought and adidas typical size, if you are good at adidas 8, I would take 7.5 for these shoes instead

They are just really uncomfortable. I love adidas but this shoe is way too flat. I cannot wear for long periods or any place I’m going to be walking!

Really comfortable shoes that look great, but everything gets stuck underneath the sole.

These sneakers are easily wearable. There are so many color ways they go with anything. If you have wide feet you may have to go up a half size they are a little narrow at the tow box. Also there isn’t that great of arch support so they wouldn’t be good shoes to work out in or stand for long periods of time.

The material is great, the build is great. But the only reason I cannot give it a perfect score is there is a weird hardened part of the sole. Right by heal , between the heal and the arch. Wouldn't be so bad if it was on the heal or arch, but it is just off. Again happened in both shoes, not just one of them.

Bought these shoes in mind for work and they have kept together. Working for Safeway and standing endless hours, now after about 10 months they are giving in. As seen in the photo, I speak of the insoles. The bottoms are still grippy and they really are pretty comfortable. Heel tears still aren't too bothersome. A boost technology model of the shoe would be nice! 

I've received a few compliments on these since I purchased them a couple of weeks ago. They look pretty good. They're not all that comfortable though. I spent a weekend walking around Monterey and my feet, particularly my heels, really started to hurt. I've noticed also the sole is already separating from the upper toe portion. See photo

Need to take a size smaller. My foot is 26.5 centimeters, they are large, you need to take the size US 8

Today is my first day wearing these shoes and the inner stitching at the base of the tongue hurts so bad. I've been wearing them for about 2 hours and I'm ready to kick them off. Has anyone else had this issue? Please let me know if you had to break them in or if I just have a defective pair. Thanks.

These looked great, perfect size, problem is the soul of the right foot was jacked up and uncomfortable. Maybe I just got a defective one but they were unwearable. Too bad because they looked good.

The leather at the top of the show is beginning to detach from the rubber sole and I've only been wearing these shoes for about 2 months. I wear them casually, so not happy that they are already showing that much wear.

I took the advice of other comments I’ve seen on this shoe and sized down 1/2 a size. I tried them on and my heel is slipping out because they are still too big. I recommend going a full size down so they do not slip off of your heel.

I think of them as the poor mans Calabasas; lackluster at every angle ...

These shoes serve a good purpose. I got them on sale for half off, and for $40 i can’t shake a stick at them. They are good for about 4-5 hours of walking/working but they begin to become a little uncomfortable. I imagine these would make a great skate shoe. They have flat bottoms.  My favorite thing about them, is the color. A lot of people have commented on them already of how awesome they look! If you don’t have a pair of these i would strongly recommend adding a pair to your fleet!

Just go one size up, other than its a perfect shoe.

I want to love these shoes but The tongue on the shoe kills my foot. I bought them then returned because they were too big. Still slightly big but no big deal. The tongue on the right shoe though rubs the top of my foot and it hurts so bad! Never have I had a shoe do this before. I’m out of the country and I bought these for lots of walking. At the moment I’m borrowing my sisters shoes because these are unbearable. Hopefully when I get back home I can return them.

Style is great! Just wish they made it a lil wider

Size is too big and shoe is too wide - make feet look huge

First let me say I love the shoes they LOOK amazing! The trouble is in the QA and the glue Adidas uses to adhere the sole the bottom lining of the shoe. I have now received three pair through the exchange process to attempt to remediate this but with no success. To test pull out the insole and look at the toe box, if you see warpage you have an issue. Alternatively, grip the front of the shoes toe box width wise and squeeze gently if you hear a click or a pop you have an issue.  Adidas, please fix this issue and stop having folks like myself be you QA dept with our hard earned money. Im a fan of your products, but Im seriously hesitant on future purchase because of this.

These shoes are very nice and trendy. I got compliments on them the very first day I wore them to work.  However, I will note that the shoe is very uncomfortable out of the box. There are two sites where multiple leather pieces are stitched together creating a thick and hard bump. This bump then grinds up against the top of my forefoot area. I typically like to have my shoes laced relatively tightly but with these shoes I've had to have my shoes laced very loosely to the point that I feel the shoes are too big and slip off. I am very disappointed that Adidas didn't think it through when designing the stitching etc.  I am crossing my fingers and hoping that the shoes will break in and stop hurting my feet!  Other than the shoes hurting my feet, they look awesome and they compliment any outfit! If you don't mind suffering through a couple of weeks worth of breaking the shoe in, I'd recommend this shoe. Also if anyone knows how to alleviate this discomfort, please let me know! Thanks!!

I really wanted to like the Continentals. They are a really clean style that are easy to wear just about anywhere. As others have said, these do tend to run big so maybe order a half-size down. Unfortunately, the tongue design on these is not comfortable; it's way too thin and tends to curl up and dig into the top of your foot. No matter how I adjusted the lacing, I couldn't get it to lay flat on either of my feet. I had hoped it would flatten with some wear, but even after 20-30 minutes around the house I couldn't take it anymore. Sad that I had to return these and hope that the design gets revised with a different tongue.

This sneaker looks amazing and I wanted to keep it but something about the width. The front of my foot was killing me so bad I couldn’t keep it.

I love this design much like the 1980s Reebok sneakers that I have. On the other hand these shoes do not compare to the the Reebok. I wanted to share and advise that this Addias shoe is terribly designed and constructed. The left and right side of the shoe internally has a sewn seam on the top inner right Near the first lace hole and down the front inner side that rubs the top metatarsal of your foot and gives you a massive blister on your foot (with socks on) from just bending your foot within a few hours. I live and work in Manhattan and walk everywhere, so I actually had to buy other shoes and throw these in the bag one afternoon. Don’t buy these shoes. I have a common men’s size 10 medium foot with no issues (narrow or wide) so for these to not fit and cause massive blisters on both feet in the same area under a seam means something is wrong with the design. Save your money.

I have somewhat wide feet, no issue there, the show is comfy to me, but they definitely run a half size big as other reviews said. Size .5 size down

I love the style of these shoe and they have some great colorway options. I usually wear a size 14 but these were too large, exchanged for 13.

Love the look of the shoe. I got the blue suede and it looks great with the gum sole but the shoes aren't nearly as comfortable as my Rod Laver shoes. The top of my foot gets uncomfortable if I wear them all day long. It's not bad but if I'm going to be out all day, I don't wear these shoes.

Runs half a size long but everything else is perfect. Great quality, I got the regular white but will also get the off white. 

I usually wear a 10.5 and my feet are a bit wide, the continental 80s were pretty true to size. There's some slight width near the middle but it wasn't too much for it to be an issue with walking or the comfort of the shoes. Slightly loose fit but can still walk around a day in them. 

I was a bit disappointed that they are a half size to large. I ordered the size I always do and it was larger than ever before sadly. They’re super stylish and well made other than that. It just sucks a little that there’s a little to much wiggle room.

I go same size as superstars and gazelles, which is 1/2 size down. Quality of materials are good for the price, comfort is average, definitely nothing like boost, but a nice casual and stylish shoe for a good price.

These are gorgeous. I ordered them in my size (8.5) which were quite large on me. I sent them back and then ordered an 8 which was still too large! The 7.5 was sold out so I decided to see if the 7 fit, which of course, it did not. I sent it back and have been waiting for them to restock the size but to no avail. I’m extremely disappointed because this is the exact show I’ve been looking for. Their sizing needs to be more consistent, I’ve never had to go a full size down from what I normally am. Over a month has passed and it doesn’t seem they will be resizing the colorway I want anytime soon, if at all. Bummer.

I received them today and tried to wear only at home, however from the first moment I feeled the pain. The tongue is stitched to the main part of shoes in a very rude manner. I like the style and hope that I will find any solution to not hurt my feet wearing them.

Right shoe looks great and the comfort is okaish. However the left shoe looks like somthing crushed it for abit and it has wrinkle in the front from the start of wear. There is also a small hole in the color of left shoe. Dissapointed of the quality of the left shoe. Attaching image of the left shoe from the first time wearing, can see the wrinkles and the hole in the color.

These shows are very similar to the older adidas shoes of the 80s in style and in comfort. wearing these out for the night gave me a blister on my pinky toe. I with the shoe had more give like the modern shoes adidas has been making recently. I purchased the frozen yellow ones and the core black/scarlet ones. I much prefer the frozen yellows as the black ones look like work shoes.

Shoe is too big, quality not that good for what I expected

Shoes look super good and feel like they’d be really comfortable but, unfortunately, they didn’t think to get these in women’s sizes. The smallest they come in is a men 7/women 8. Many many women where a smaller shoe size than an 8 and we didn’t even have the option. I’m usually between a 7 & 8 and was hoping an 8 would work but I can’t go any mower.

The shoes online look great, but when I got them, I wasn't as impressed. The shoes looked blocky to me and when I wore them, it wasn't as comfortable of a sneaker as I thought. Returned to Adidas almost right away

Super classic and clean. I love this shoe but have a few gripes with it. Go half a size down.  Pros: Classic, slim silhouette. I find the stan smith toe box to be too bulbous. This one is much slimmer. Leather is decently soft. Stan smiths leather felt and looked more like plastic.  Cons: Cut on the leather overlays are inconsistent on my pair. From the included pictures you can see the excess leather sticking out from where the overlays were stitched. Not sure how it will hold up in the long run. Also, half the Adidas logo in ONE the insole came off after the FIRST wear. Not a big deal but this review is for all yall to know.  Would recommend this shoe only on sale.

I purchased these because of how beautiful they looked. Also because male shoes are wider than female shoes. they were not a good fit for me. I can wear the, for a while but that is all. Also the sole is hard to clean in the middle because its foam. Not ideal. If your foot is very narrow these are for you, if you lie comfort.. these are not. 

The shoe fits a little big and the sole and some stitching seem like they were done cheaply, but overall they're comfortable and I wear them every day.

I ordered these in 3 colors because they have a classic look, are high quality, and have a great price! There is some breaking in when it comes to the stitching but after one wear you are good to go! I have alternated my all whites, black with gum, and cream with gum the past 3 weeks! 

I bought these shoes because of the retro look and feel to it. However, the new Continental 80s do not have the high Adidas quality you normal expect. I wonder if it's just a bad batch I received. Also, not the most comfortable either. The insoles don't arch in the best location.

I bought these a week ago, and while I LOVE how they look, unless I wear thick socks, there's a pinching/rubbing from the stitching inside by each pinky toe, top and side. SUPER uncomfortable and having shoes I can only wear in the fall/winter isn't why I bought them. They look great, but be aware that this issue doesn't present itself until you walk around in them out in the world...

The color and materials used on this shoes are great - the leather is a little worn-in giving it a good feel when being walked in. However, I did notice that i have slightly wide feet. If you have wide feet this shoe isn't the best as it runs a little narrow.

